turn several sizes of yo-yos into a
durable critter appliques with just a
little sewing know-how use both sides of
the yo-yos learn creative stacking
options and finally add facial features
to design your child's favorite animal
don't these designs just make you want
to smile when Donna first showed me her
concept of making little applique
critters as she calls them out of the
yo-yos I had to stop and wonder how what
she was going to do but then you you
know I think I have a little girl locked
up inside and the imagination just kind
of flowed and what we have here on the
storyboard is a range of options here I
couldn't stop with just the little
critters that were on the bag I also had
to do some bugs and this one here is
supposed to simulate a ladybug and we
have one that's completed and I just
added iron-on crystals and simply put
the iron on crystals to create the
little yoke ladybug but I had to do a
different technique for the ladybug
which was I saw two small pieces of
black and red together
and then we have a range of different
sizes of completed yo-yos here I did use
the green yo-yo and all I did was lined
up there's a cut out circle I just lined
it up so that the black was to that edge
and that's how I basically created the
little ladybug so you did about
one-third two-third of fabric so you can
have some versatility you I know you're
going to be adding some with some hand
stitching some eyes and little bright
bright you can embellish with like
french nuts whatever hand work or you
know glitter here down below we have a
little ladybug and basically I knew that
that's would be OB excuse me a little
bee we used I used the green circle
uh-huh and I used it also with the sheer
fabrics and then I used the blue and
created the tiny little black circles
and I've kind of
at a time for prep here for television
but could you see those in and I could
Donna and Drago lakes on them so we had
a lot of fun I'm as a new Donna's a new
grandmother so she is into making these
cute little things for babies now this
area brown is going to be the lion the
lion and I simply put the yo-yo facedown
and then embellished it with the smaller
yo-yos around the edges and Nancy has
just inserted two tiny yo-yos that
simulate the ears so it was made out of
the little blue one and Anthea is just
pinning all of our little components on
here so you can see how the little lion
was created hand stitching was your the
old stitching yes hand stitches is my
friend for making little yo-yos so and I
just poorly put that on there but let's
take a I'll bring this into focus so
that you can see the the tote bag now we
wouldn't put these on something that a
child would play with but an adornment
for the right and I can visually see
these like maybe on a valence and in
their room you don't want it where they
can maybe chew on it we don't want them
to you know they're very drunk on it or
something the next one that we have is
is the little pig and we started with
the center and then we reversed one of
the smaller ones and then the two tiny
ones are for the ears mm-hmm and we also
I also have a white one here now you can
also make them into a bear a cat a dog
it's limitless and we're going to work a
little bit on the components of the
elephant we have the ears kind of offset
one large yo-yo flipped for the face and
then tiny yo-yos that will create the
trunk and again they're face down and
the very eventually the very last one of
the yo-yos we will have face up so that
it just kind of looks like the nose
the trunk of the elephant that one was
very heartwarming to me I really like
that one and then we have something
crawling along the bottom of your
storyboard right I could you know I
still had the bug theme that had to
continue so we had I had a little
caterpillar and I did him in a variety
of little colors so we have the the blue
and the green and then for his face we
had to make the face kind of jump off a
little bit and here is the little
finished garment and I just did some
French knots for the eyes and I you know
stitch little antennas with French knots
and put little legs on as well I mean
very simple two stitches per leg and you
completed and made a really cute
caterpillar Donna I think you've taught
us that we're only limited by our
imagination for the use of yo-yos fabric
yo-yos and how creative they can be
these animal critters are adorable and I
know your grandson Bryson will enjoy
wearing this thank you